License


Fairdell HexCmp
Copyright (C) 2002-2008 Fairdell Software.
All Rights Reserved

SOFTWARE LICENSE

Trial Version
-------------

    The trial version of this software may be used for evaluation purposes at the 
user's own risk for a period of 15 days from the date of installation. At the end 
of the trial period, the user must either purchase a license to continue using 
the software, or remove it from his/her system.

    The trial version may be freely distributed, provided the distribution 
package is not modified. No person or company may charge a fee for the 
distribution of Fairdell HEXCMP without written permission from the copyright 
holder. 

Licensed Version
----------------

   There are two basic types of licenses issued for HEXCMP, these are:
 
   a.  A single computer USER-LICENSE.  The user purchases ONE license to USE 
       the HEXCMP on ONE computer. 

    On payment of the appropriate license fee, the user is granted a 
non-exclusive license to use Fairdell HEXCMP, for any legal purpose, at a time. 
The registered software may not be rented or leased, but may be permanently 
transferred, if the person receiving it agrees to terms of this license. If the 
software is an update, the transfer must include the update and all previous 
versions. 

    Whilst every care has been taken in the construction and testing of this 
software, it is supplied subject to the condition that the user undertakes to 
evaluate the suitability of the control for his/her purposes. Fairdell Software 
makes no representation of the software's suitability for any 	purpose, and the 
user agrees that Fairdell Software has no responsibility for any loss or damage 
occasioned by the use of this software.

    TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE SOFTWARE AND 
DOCUMENTATION ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND FAIRDELL SOFTWARE DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER 
WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED 
TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, 
CONFORMANCE WITH DESCRIPTION, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. 

    TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL 
FAIRDELL SOFTWARE BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL 
OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES OR LOST PROFITS WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, 
DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF BUSINESS 
INFORMATION, OR ANY OTHER PECUNIARY LOSS) ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO 
USE THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT, EVEN IF FAIRDELL SOFTWARE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE 
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN ANY CASE, FAIRDELL SOFTWARE'S CUMULATIVE AND 
ENTIRE LIABILITY TO YOU OR ANY OTHER PARTY FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGES RESULTING 
FROM ANY CLAIMS, DEMANDS OR ACTIONS ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT 
SHALL NOT EXCEED THE PURCHASE PRICE PAID FOR THIS LICENSE.

    Should any term of these terms and conditions be declared void or 
unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction, such declaration shall have 
no effect on the remaining terms hereof. 

    If you do not agree to these conditions you should not install this software.


Copyright (C) 2002-2007 Fairdell Software All Rights Reserved  
http://www.fairdell.com
 